I'm sorry.
No need to come.
I'll go there now.
Oh, my dear husband.
I'm really sorry.
I'm always grateful.
Congratulations.
Oh, you're here.
It's been a long time.
And this person is...
Yes.
Is it the son of the益?
This is my...
Um...
He is my master.
What?
Master?
Then you must be a husband.
You said it like a husband.
A husband's son-in-law and a husband's wife.
You're all right.
I'm sorry, but please leave me in your wife's house.
I'm not going to leave you in your wife's house.
And what's your name?
I'm the son of the益.
I'm the younger brother of my husband and I.
I'm sorry to say that I have a song of Azami in my hand.
I'm Azami.
I'm the son of the益.
I'm called the son of the益.
Then you must be a husband.
I'm Azami.
I'm the son of the益.
I'm sorry.
Then what's your business?
Business?
I'm a playboy.
I don't have a business.
First, I swing, talk, and play.
I'm not good at it.
You have a good sister.
You're a good girl.
Then he's a thief.
You're a thief.
If you get angry at me, you'll be in trouble.
He's a thief.
I don't care if you do it again.
You should be quiet.
Please lend me a cloth.
Here's the cloth.
What?
You don't have a cloth?
I can't help it if I don't have it.
Please lend me a cloth.
Then drink this.
I drank it every night.
I'll remember the old days.
I'll give you a cloth.
You're so annoying.
You're a playboy.
I'll take it for you.
So shut up.